ah Luo Yin as youtubers or people with
the platform some of the things that we
put out there are entertainment some of
them I think are really important
messages and this is going to be one of
those important messages that I feel you
know I kind of step back and I'm like
why are we why do we as human beings
want to push our thoughts and our
agendas and other people so much that we
feel like we need to be in their face
debating arguing fighting protesting we
need you to all this [ __ ] to get our
point across because we're right you
know vegans are the same way I think the
two mistakes the jury makes here is
first of all thinking that we do this
because we're right and secondly that we
do this just to try to bring other
people over to our side if you're
pushing something you are trying to
forcefully change someone's mind which
is not going to work in the first place
human nature when you're being pushed to
do something is to fight back in the
opposite direction all the time as
vegans we're dealing with people who
have never heard of veganism and you
don't appreciate that it's an ethical
issue all the time we deal with people
who respond to veganism as if it's just
equivalent to I don't like salty food
I'm trying to cut down on salt and
people who will serve you a dish that
has little bits of meat in it and will
say oh well come on what are you
complaining about it's just a little bit
of meat right so I realize that
Outsiders will perceive what we're doing
is preaching we're just trying to get
across that minimal point of staking out
our territory so to speak of saying look
they completely disagree with me this
may be completely alien to you but this
is who I am this is why it matters so
much to me these are the rules I live by
and now you and I have to live together
as co-workers as colleagues as friends
as family members whatever the case may
be you know human beings have both
social and anti-social instincts when we
communicate with others we're not always
looking for their approval we're not
always looking to convert them in the
workplace I talked about being vegan
openly I really think in the same sense
someone is homosexual
is prone to talking about homosexuality
openly it's not with the expectations
they're going to have love affairs with
their coworkers
let's say it's homosexual persons
already married or in a steady
relationship whatever it's not because
they're going to convince them if
they're homophobic that being gay is a
good thing and it's definitely not that
they're going to convert straight people
to being gay right but you're open about
it and I think you probably want to
espouse a certain kind of self
confidence because you're really staking
out your territory at the office you're
probably not doing it to make people
like you or to express how much you've
got in common you may just be expressing
to other people in what way you're alien
from them and a large part of human
cooperation doesn't rely on agreements
it instead relies on a certain kind of
healthy recognition of the ways in which
were alien from one another and then
working around and beyond that with some
level of respect respect is too strong a
word mutual recognition you know vegans
are the same way I get the fact that
they are feel very strongly about not
hurting animals eating else all of them
I get the fact I get that and you can
sit there and talk to people now that I
call my god I agree with you so much
instead of think I'll need a hamburger
you don't even know about it you know I
mean like they you know they need to be
on a journey for themselves like 2.01
why do you assume that i'm going to talk
about veganism or in some sense preach
veganism in order to convert somebody
else let's say it's a pretty girl I have
a crush on and she's not vegan don't I
just have to communicate to her this is
who I really am this is who I am I want
you to know who I am and why I am this
way what motivates me and that girl is
going to respond to it and take it in
whatever direction right now a lot of
people may perceive that as preaching
whether it's a girl you're flirting with
or it's a co-worker at the office or
it's
relatives at home vegans we all have
this experience even if you're just
talking about this is who I am this is
how I live this is why it matters to me
from just talking about myself where
other people are going to respond to
that is preaching it may be a lien
eating for others I may not be building
on common ground with you I may be
showing you this is where our common
ground stops but that's tremendously
important for us and again I think it's
in the same way as someone is homosexual
not to everybody if you're gay you go to
the bakery you don't have to tell the
baker that you're homosexual if you're
vegan you go to the same bakery record
regularly actually you do have to tell
them that you're vegan again to get it
again so as a vegan it comes up a lot
more often but a lot of the time I mean
just think about that Jerry whether it's
in the school yard a kid who's vegan who
doesn't want to get bullied it's in the
workplace you don't want to get
disrespected or it's in the first
rotation with somebody you want to start
up a relationship with there are
actually a lot of reasons here not
related to trying to convert people not
really trying to convince people for why
we have to stake out our claims again
and again and say this is who I am this
is why I am this way this is why it
matters to me so much now why a vegan
would push veganism so much on people
that don't want anything to do with it
you know their their minds are made up
they don't want it is beyond me
fundamentally it's because I have to eat
at the same table with you I never tried
to convert like my own grandmother to
veganism but you have to sympathize
Jerry the level of conviction I would
have to get across for my own
grandmother just to tolerate me at the
dinner table for her not to try to force
me to eat meat and to for me to have
co-workers that don't try to denigrate
me ridicule me push me around trick me
by serving me meat like that stuff all
vegans have dealt with I mean most of
something like a brother or sister
someone of the same generation and it's
not harmless ribbing to us even if it's
us literally trying to get through a
wedding or a funeral or trying to get
along with your co-workers that's
actually a huge challenge for us where
the objective of those discussions it's
not even to make friends it's not to get
you to agree with me it's not to get you
to see how much we have in common it's
not to convince you to become vegan it's
just to try to set up the basis for a
minimal level of cohabitation because we
as vegans have to live in a world that
is made by and for meat-eaters it's a
world that shows us very little or very
grudging respect and actually day after
day in intimate relationships and
interactions with strangers
it shows us a hell of a lot of
disrespect reserved all vegans you know
vegans going out there and really put
their case out and you understand it and
then you can get it and you fully
comprehend it and behind closed doors
they still eat meat you know they look
into their faces again I totally
understand something understand and
behind closed doors they still eat meat
right but what they learned was not
about veganism what they learned was
about me they learned Who I am
and that conversation is going to inform
enrich our relationship hopefully it
sets up a situation where my workplace
is not toxic where my school-yard is not
a place where I'm being bullied where my
professor is not disrespecting me and I
know Jerry it may be hard to imagine
this stuff but as vegans we tolerate all
those scenarios you're not converting
anyone who [ __ ] doesn't want to eat
meat you're not I mean who wants EB
you're not the people that you do all we
save them they don't eat meat now they
were already on that journey by
themselves seeking the information to
make a change on their own you helped
guide them in that direction even if I
agreed with this philosophy how could it
change my behavior what are the stakes
here what are the consequences if I can
only know who was on this mysterious
journey after the fact looking back at
what happened then I'm just going to
have to do my best to deal with
everybody fairly
I can't even say equally but fair
ruin on some other basis because it's
impossible for me to know when I meet
them when we have these conversations
who is on a journey and who is not you
can do that by just putting up a website
not [ __ ] getting in someone's face at
the supermarket or protesting or [ __ ]
being pushy every time that you [ __ ]
come in contact someone because you feel
like they should need me but the only
way change happens is when someone is
looking and wants to and wants to create
it for themselves within themselves you
can't push it on I think that really is
the perspective of a personal trainer
who after years of experience has just
come to this point of saying hey if
somebody's not motivated there's no
point in trying to motivate them and
there's a very different political
perspective if you instead see this in
terms of respect in terms of staking out
your territory why would a gay person
try to push gay rights on their own
grandparents because they don't want to
be disrespected and denigrated and
humiliated every time they go to
Christmas dinner
alright that's that's really being pushy
you got grandparents maybe who are kind
of homophobic or traditional Christians
or traditional Muslims and where every
time you deal with them you're not
you're not waiting for them to be on a
journey you're not waiting for the dad
this ineffable you know interior spark
of genius or light or hope or whatever
it is nope you got to show up and argue
your point you got to be pushy you got
to be demanding you got to stake your
claim you got to say this is who I am
this is what it matters to me and this
is the bare minimum standard you need to
live up to otherwise I can't work with
you and it happens at the office it
happens in the school yard it happens in
the university it's in so many different
places that we as vegans in making an
ethical claim actually do have to fight
for our right to sit at that same table
I know it's hard for outsiders to relate
to I know it's hard for you to
understand and I know like it's very
unsympathetic because we chose this
right most people who were born Muslim
have to go around explaining Muslim
dietary rules didn't choose to become
Muslim they were just born into the
religion and now they got these crazy
rules about what they can and cannot eat
that are based on the religion many
centuries-old magical thinking and
nothing else so there's a kind of
sympathy there from the general public
and we as vegans don't get this sympathy
instead what we fundamentally deal with
again and again is a hostile attitude of
why are you being pushy but Jerry what I
invite you to imagine is maybe I'm not
trying to educate you about veganism
maybe I'm not trying to convert you to
veganism not even if you perceive it
that way maybe what I'm really trying to
communicate to you is Who I am and what
we don't have in common and I'm asking
you to respect that and respect my
boundaries the same way that a gay
person may be maybe in the end you just
can't go to Christmas dinner at all
right but if we're going to share the
same table as co-workers as family as
friends whatever the case may be yeah
this is the kind of challenge to the
status quo where we have to stake our
claim we have to say who we are and why
we are this way we let you know the
rules that we play by and if you can't
respect those rules you ain't going to
see us around the new Yin